DOC: clarify add_reference_channels usage (Takeover #13664) (#13846)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13846.other.rst

> Clarify average EEG reference behavior in documentation for :func:`~mne.add_reference_channels`, by `Deep Kaur`_ (:newcontrib:`Deep Kaur`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add notes to :func:`~mne.set_eeg_reference` and :ref:`_tut-set-eeg-ref` about the correct procedure to create an average reference, by :newcontrib:`Deep Kaur`.
```

You also need to add yourself to `names.inc` also. Again, please read through the [relevant section of the contribution guide](https://mne.tools/stable/development/contributing.html#describe-your-changes-in-the-changelog) which explains everything.

Author: Everything is updated! I've applied the suggested changes, fixed the tutorial indentation, corrected the bibliography, and added myself to names.inc. Ready for the final review."
